# BiDoS - Bildungsdokumentationssystem
**Translation of Title: Educational Report System**

This is fork of Rene Wilhelm work for an educational report system developed and financed by the team around Prof. Dr. Gisela Kammermeyer University Koblenz-Landau. Appreciations to Rene Wilhelms work and ideas and the willingness to share the bidos system with the open source communtiy. The reduces costs for development, so that other educational projects can build on that.

Use forks for similar projects if you want to use mobile devices in a classroom and document a learning progress or an educational process in general in a class room setting.

## Installation & Setup

### Requirements

- postgres 9.4.0+
- node 0.11.14+
- gulp (`npm install gulp -g`)
- bower (`npm install bower -g`)

### 1. Database Create User (1/2)

```
createuser bidos
```

### 2. Server

```
git clone https://github.com/rwilhelm/bidos.git
cd bidos
make install
npm start
```

the required packages are now installed and the server will run on port 3000.


### 3. Create Database (2/2)

```
make db
```

The setup of the database is finalized and the database is populated with default values, that should be changed as soon as possible. (Status: End 2014). The user interface must be available at port **Port 3000** e.g. http://myserver.example.com:3000 If you see the web interface in your browser login in with **admin** and password **123**. The first step should be to alter the admin password in the user management of the BiDoS backend.


## Additional Remarks

Self registered users that are not generated by the admin  need the flag *enabled* (Default setting is: *false*), to be able to login into the backend. If you want to change these settings as admin goto the user management (Benutzerverwaltung) and click on the user for which you (=admin) want to change access flag to *enabled*. Click on settings (Einstellung) and save your alterations.

